Terraform Backend S3/DynamoDb State Maintain script (#2)
RSS-Engineering/terraform: README.md

Terraform needs to store the current state of each environment in a place where it can be shared among developers. The recommended configuration is an S3 bucket and a simple DynamoDB table for locking. For more information about how to set this up refer to https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/s3.html

> Terraform sample under file [`backend_state_init/backend.tf.sample`](backend_state_init/backend_state_init/backend.tf.sample)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a sample file in [backend_state_init](backend_state_init/backend_state_init/backend.tf.sample) that can be used to set this up automatically.
```

We want our documentation to have complete sentences.

#### Steps:-

```bash
cp backend_state_init/backend.tf.sample backend_state_init/backend.tf
```

```bash
cd backend_state_init/
terraform init
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a note here about removing `backend_state_init` since we don't need it anymore.
